Disallow DocType declaration to prevent XML entity attacks (#55)
gravitee-io/gravitee-policy-xslt: README.adoc

This policy is based on the https://sourceforge.net/projects/saxon/[Saxon^] library.

> _Notes_: DocType declaration is disallowed by default for security reasons.

Reviewer: It isn't clear what this means. Are `DOCTYPE`s allowed but ignored, or does the presence of a `DOCTYPE` cause an error?

Author: -> the presence of a DOCTYPE causes an error

Reviewer: Thanks. I've suggested an update to make this clearer.

> _Notes_: DocType declaration is disallowed by default for security reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Notes_:  By default, a DOCTYPE declaration will cause an error. This is for security.
```

Reviewer 2: I've pushed your suggestion in the PR.

> _Notes_:  By default, a DOCTYPE declaration will cause an error. This is for security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a DOCTYPE declaration will cause an error. This is for security.
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed with [force-pushed](https://github.com/gravitee-io/gravitee-policy-xslt/compare/c9ddb3ba20024ccb473a7f70529f5bb7b6cb0251..259c6d3af1f1637dafefc06e996208103d51597f)

> If you want to allow it, you can set `policy.xslt.secure-processing` to `false` in the Gateway configuration file (`gravitee.yml`).

Reviewer 3: should it be secure-processing or dtd-processing ? 
assuming that we could have the same flag to process incoming XML (and not just on the spreadsheet)

Author: I would go with `secure-processing` as in the `createSecureXMLReader` there are multiple options set and not only the `disallow-doctype-decl`. 

Regarding: 
> assuming that we could have the same flag to process incoming XML (and not just on the spreadsheet)

For me, it's already the case, in the `shouldThrowExceptionForExternalEntityInjection` we are testing that a malicious XML input is causing an error, and it looks like it's been there almost since the beginning of the policy.  

The `secure-processing` flag acts both on the stylesheet and the input XML

}
----

=== Gateway

> DocType declaration is disallowed by default for security reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a DOCTYPE declaration will cause an error. This is for security.
```

Reviewer 2: I've pushed your suggestion in the PR.
